# x in this case means 'on the youtube list and listened to at least once 
A secret Wish, by Propaganda
Also, Buena vista social club 😎
Beyonce - The Gift
Cage to rattle by daughty 
Currently is a Beach House album (probably Teen Dream, might be Devotion). Often is Radiohead (The Bends or OK Computer). For falling asleep music on Spotify I have Ambient 1 - Brian Eno.
Dead Letter Circus - The Endless Mile (acoustic version), Dead Letter Circus - Aesthesis & Karnivool - Themata
Dead Letters by The Rasmus
Flume - skin
Forever Whatever by October Drift 
Gaelic Heart - Michael Atkinson
Horror & The Wild - The Amazing Devil
Hugh Laurie's albums 😎 Didn't it rain and Let them talk..
India Arie, Acoustic Soul
Jamie XX - colours.
London grammar - (can't remember)
Monsters by Empathy Test
Rationale, Jacob Banks, Jamie Lawson. Love Oil & Water by Rationale. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=farIyR1Xbbs&list=PLfud-i5-qB_6Ap9Q0YFK3BhqPEnCstNDj 
Recomposed - Max Richter, To Love Somebody (expanded edition - Nina Simone, The Art of Sampling (Deluxe version) Pavrov Stelar, Frozen 2 soundtrack, Moana Soundtrack
Strangers by The Young'uns. Sunset Tree by The Mountain Goats. Dogrel by Fontains DC, quite soon their second album A Hero's Death will be in this category but it only came out July 31st. Trust in the Lifeforce of the Deep Mystery by The Comet is Coming.
TRy F J Haydn: Nelson Mass or Theresa Mass....
Taylor Swift - folklore and Lover, Jim Moray - Outlander, Grace Petrie - Queer As Folk, and Shinedown - ATTENTION ATTENTION
The 25 years of Ghibli concert is well worth a listen
The Contender by Royal Crown Revue
Victorious by skillet 
Voice of hope (Camille Thomas)
Zac Brown Band - Jekyll and Hyde album
x "Dionysis" by Dead Can Dance.
x 2021-10-21 Escape Velocity by Dynatron, Trilogy by Carpenter Brut, Exile by Kull, Anthems to the Welkin at Dusk by Emperor, The Machine by John Foxx and the Maths, Incorruptible by Iced Earth, Behold Sedition Plainsong by Dawn Ray'd, and From the Bogs of Aughiska
x 2021-10-21 Mush by leatherface 
x 2021-10-21 Post Traumatic by Mike Shinoda
x 2021-10-21 The greatest showman soundtrack 
x Fleetwood mac (greatest hits) 
x Greetings from Asbury Park - Bruce Springsteen
x Max Richter, The Blue Notebooks none stop all year. 
x Pearl Jam -Ten 
